evidence
There's nothing wrong with my high school diploma
But I also have my dreams
I want my design work
One day it will become a household name
So I will put my name
Put it in my designs
You can take a closer look.
The inside of the collar of each garment
All have pinyin clarity
Including the design draft for this design competition
Gu Nuannuan's works also have pinyin clear
Really super bath
My series is called Blue Feather
This is Aoyu's blue
I really don't cry without seeing the coffin
Sister Nana, I don't want to betray you
But I don't want to go to jail.
My mom still needs me to take care of her
Don't talk nonsense
It was the girl who dared to support me
He framed me
He must have been bribed by Gong Qingxin
I'm telling the truth.
I secretly designed it.
What else do you have to quibble about?